good afternoon Hello, I'm from the city of
Khmelnitsky, Ukraine, where are you from, the city of
st.
map of Ukraine Yes, not a map of the collapse of the
Russian Federation st. petersburg
which is the National Liberation
Movement
Why
nations have self-determination
but exist Why the Yakuts do not have the right
to hold a referendum
if they want it turns out
you are a resident of st.
among them Surely
there are smart people who won’t be for
it either Well, why look, why, for example,
Yakut be with you in the same state
Tell me it’s better to be one big
strong and great country than a small
poor one and no one needs see what’s the
joke in Yakutia diamonds gold Yes
for example, everything is there, and you
have gold in st. petersburg, diamonds in
st. petersburg maybe not, but
why st. petersburg lives richly and
Yakutia lives poorly we are a huge country and
But this is incorrect
there is one
huge one, they just built the third
field in the world, but
why people in Yakutia, where there are few people
and many resources, live poorer than people in
St. Petersburg and where there are many people there are no resources at all,
but if they are not with their
brothers, then the aggressors will attack them
who are you  Russian, who are you by nationality?
security
you, for example, here you are watching You from St. Petersburg
provide some kind of security, we
ensure the entire integrity of
our Great country and
interconnections Why, for example, why integrity, for
example, Kaliningrad [ __ ] them But
you simplify it, I understand you as Ukrainians,
I just communicate with representatives of
Yakutia Yes, they say that  they don’t want
to hold a referendum, more than
half of the people there are already there, who are Yakuts They are
Russians, yes, that is, why do we need Moscow
Why do we need to share resources with Moscow
Well, someone might say there are those
who don’t have that much thinking
Why do
the Yakuts take diamonds from Yakutia live poorer  what do you think in St. Petersburg in St.
Petersburg where is the richer region St.
Petersburg St. Petersburg
But it’s a little incorrect to compare
because there is St. Petersburg there are other
cities right Yes, why is it
the city of millions the
capital of Russia that’s right due to
what due to what due to which it
earns Children more  people more
flows more companies Yes, they took it away, it turns out that there
is a company in St. Petersburg
that mines gold in
Yakutia and leaves grandmothers in St. Petersburg, yes
they are And
now the company will be in Yakutsk and they will
also extract money will remain in
Yakutia cool
but not quite not quite Cool But how
it’s cool for you it’s not cool for you in St. Petersburg, yes,
you didn’t have anything, and they wo
n’t be cool with respect to us But in
general, even the name is not cool because
they will already have customs duties
restrictions why are they why now and so
Russia does customs  Come on, they will
cancel themselves, for example, then it’s possible and after
this country will be less protected, if
suddenly it turns out to be a separate country, it
will be less protected from aggression
from the aggressor of the world such as the USA
there and their vassals.
I understand that you are North Ossetia. Yes, you
came to St. Petersburg,
Vladikavkaz, like  look like this Look,
here you are from the ancient
birth So you came to St. Petersburg
and tell me that Yakuts don’t need to
be independent in short, you need to feed
you Ossetians in St. Petersburg so it
turns out
we don’t say that they need to feed
someone it’s you And send everything  more
Consider you are looking You are from
North You are from North Ossetia Yes, you
came to st.
is a
million-plus city
it has a huge country in which it
pumps out resources yes,
including there is a resource base And
here is the
resource base
where st.
Well, to agitate
that every yard of your city
separates
No, well, it gives you the opportunity to
get high-quality medical services,
wait So Yakutia can also
pay its people like Why should they
But when What quality What
quality were you once in Yakutia
you were in Yakutia Well, ass you saw  I
watched the City is
much stronger look And we have much
more opportunities I watched I looked at
photos of the city Nizhny Kuranakh In
Yakutia, yes, that is, it is a gold-bearing region
there, ass [ __ ] there, people dump from there
to Kaliningrad, dodged Like so He
was shy from this lower Kurnah there,
ass is mined there  gold there
God's [ __ ] is shorter in this
region and you say medicine there who is
what kind of medicine
salary so the salary of a doctor in Yakutia is 69
thousand eight hundred and fifty-five thousand
seventy thousand rubles a little less than a
thousand dollars
you have in St. Petersburg what kind of salary
but I think somewhere around 70 thousand is officially
considered  who do you work for,
but Personally, I don’t advertise Personally, I don’t
go over what sphere I’m talking about
statistics that, according to statistics, on average,
somewhere around 70 thousand on average, yes,
that is, for example, on average, if it’s like For
example, I and meat until a neighbor gnaws
cabbage means  on average we eat borscht
everything yes exactly the same on average in Ukraine
there the prices are [ __ ] up they
don’t deliver anything really
so the salary of 1000 dollars for a doctor is
just but this one. Which doctor did they
say about
?  there is this average salary the average
salary of the same doctor such
St. Petersburg,
just why am I saying this that in the
same way you can agitate every Independence courtyard in your city
so that
each courtyard is independent, it seems to me that
every courtyard is St. Petersburg, then
everyone will be there  yard there will be a few
more splits in st. petersburg
look in st. petersburg the average
salary of a doctor is 119 thousand, up to one and
a half times more than
in Yakutia.  thousand to the
average salary per hour in st. petersburg
119 thousand one and a half times more no real estate price
they live there stupidly in the cold they get
a bunch of gold diamonds but live poorer than
people in St. Petersburg then the average
cost of real estate
quality medicine What kind of life is medicine and the
network beggarly wages
industry taxes military I
understand that you are looking at you in
short, I summarize you as a person and North
Ossetia Yes, who came to work in
St. Petersburg so on the territory of the
future independent Ingria and you are against the
Republic of Sakha and  Ingria were in the same
state in different states Yes, you
want to leave them in the same state
Yes, this issue is not even discussed with
me
any future there and past things
Let's you say that if Ingushetia
declares independence that you
will fight against Ingushetia,
then the question is that smart people  I
hope
Ingushetia Ingushetia declares
independence you will go to fight
against the Ingush in Russia there are smart people
more I ask Look, Chechnya
was declaring independence was yes
crushed Yes, now there is If
now Chechnya Ingushetia will declare
independence you will go to fight against
them But I explained to you what  there
were some radical people,
look tomorrow, for example, the
Ingush are holding a referendum Yes, they want
independence That's what they wanted So you
will fight against them
But it depends on what context
this will have It
looks like there will be militants who
are financed from abroad, then against
friends look st. petersburg
i will tell you how st. petersburg
will hold a referendum So there is a
poet called it lost
such a huge country
as it will be an independent Inga
Yes, they say that the population of
St. Petersburg declared the
independence of independent India and so
declares independence, they
deport you Back to your North Ossetia
So you held referendums there for yourself
and they help to continue
to hold referendums to other
republics So you return you
return to your native Vladikavkaz so
Sit on a huge  you know such a
bottle in the image of Putin and you start
talking to sing Russia our great
power let's
all
go further
Because you are a complete orc